okay I'm going to show you and I'm going
to take my sleep makeup bag a palette
and taking the lightest silver on there
and I'm just going to pack this all over
the lid make sure it's really really
opaque we want it to be very dramatic
look
and then going in with the second
lightish stillbirth gunmetal shade I
think this actual shade is called
gunmetal but I'm not really sure because
once you take that sheet of names out
and I'm going to take that in the outer
corner I'm just going to use the same
brush just to pack the color on again
and you want to really take it up into
the crease we are going to blend this
out with this to true bronzer in number
two yeah although the natural bronzing
powder and I'm just gonna blend out new
crease and then going in with this
shimmery black shade it actually has
some hints of green in it which I wasn't
planning but actually was a bit of a
nice surprise I'm gonna take this and
create a V in the unit and the outer
corner and then as you see here I'm
going over into the crease because we do
want quite a dark crease otherwise it
won't really look a bit weird and then
taking this royal and langnickel crease
brush in BSP 4 and I'm gonna bring that
out and then taking mac cosmetics
mineralized skinfinish in soft & gentle
just to highlight the brow bone this
also cleans up if you've gone a bit too
far out with the darker shadow
I'm also then just going to put that in
the inner corner then going back in with
the second shade we used which is the
middle gunmetal shade and I'm going to
run this along the lower lash line and
then taking the lighter gunmetal shade
that we use on the mid first and I'm
going to take that in the inner corner
but we leave where we've highlighted
free
and then taking sleep makeup dominatrix
gel liner i'm going to tightline
waterline and then going back in with
that to true bronzer and I'm just going
to sort of smudge out that iodine a bit
mainly in the outer corner and excuse me
if you can hear people talking or
children talking in the background is
also very frustrating for myself anyway
I'm just gonna curl my lashes and then
taking to true effortless waterproof
eyeliner and I'm going to create a nice
thin wing well thing is what I'm hoping
a little bit you know
and then taking to true flash eyes
laughs lash lengthening mascara and I'm
gonna really coat my lashes I wasn't
really sure if I want you to put falsies
on but I did end up dating someone in
the end and obviously the false
eyelashes I have which I'm moving right
out of so it was just something from
Amazon so I don't actually know what
brand they're from or what their called
round think they don't have any like
labels on the right thing and it's pure
least they're pretty anyway so
I'm just going to curl them again and
this actually helps just to push the
false lashes and my natural lashes
together anyway I'm moving on to the
lips and taking Mac lip pencil in spice
and the line my lips and fill in the
outer corners leaving the actual thick
mane bit of your lip blank and then
gonna take this lipstick which no idea
I've got it open fragrant stomach calm
which just that you know that is
actually a really good website if you're
starting out in the club anyway I've got
that then I've no idea what the name is
it has nothing on it so anyway moving
swiftly off and then taking Milani baked
blush in Luminoso just to put a bit on
my face and I hope you guys liked it
you lost us no I was someone's what that
was